# CS210Portfolio
Portfolio for CS-210

In this particular project, I was tasked to write a C++ program that would output data from an ever evolving list of produce that is being purchased from the Corner Grocer. The problem it was solving for the customer was how to rearrange the produce section of the market in order to put the most purchased items in an optimal location. I feel that what I did particularly well in this assignment was compartmentalizing the code to allow for future updates to occur more easily. The code itself was broken into smaller segments, such as a section that contains a basic database, and can be more easily updated in the future. 

Thinking over what I feel was the more challenging part to write, it was creating a backup of the data. While I had done the create a file earlier, having the system backup in the beginning was a bit more difficult, especially if the list is always changing and knowing that it could create errors if the code ran into the backup. I overcame this difficulty by doing more research, double checking elements in the textbook, and asking questions to people in the know about what conflicts could occur. From here I’ve added resources, such as the cplusplus website, to help explain and walk me through areas where I might be a little more unsure. In terms of what skills I gained from this, it would be writing a basic database. While this isn’t SQL or the like, knowing how to create a database is one way to ensure that the program can handle the changes that crop up from dynamic changes in information.  

As for how I made it maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I used OOP and created a few different classes that broke down key elements into smaller sized chunks. One example is that I created a menu class that can be updated as needed. I made sure to comment my code and name everything with a naming convention that makes sense and explained what I did.
